- [Instructor] The first step of initialization
is the loading of the Bean definitions.
So in our big picture overview,
we're in this box here that says Bean Definitions Loaded.
There are several sources of Bean definitions.
While we're talking about the lifecycle
from a traditional flow,
there is some slight variance here
on how each of these gets loaded.
Java config is the first we will talk about.
This is the most different of the loading
of the Bean definitions because the objects
are constructed as part of reading the definition.
So keep that in mind as we go through
the rest of the chapter.
This configuration strategy may impact
how these Beans are initialized.
XML configuration is still valid for configuring
the application context.
Though it isn't preferred anymore,
it is still being used in many applications,
especially some older ones.
The XML file or files are read to prime
the Bean definitions.
And the final way that we were talka
and we've already seen is component scanning
and auto configuration.
And this is very similar to the way that XML works,
except for that instead of loading a file,
your classes are scanned and then they actually
at that point become available through the Bean definition.
So when we talk about priming the BeanFactory,
we understand what these Bean definitions do.
So the first step is that the Bean definitions
are loaded into the BeanFactory from all sources
and in a running application,
you don't just have to choose one.
You can have some classes that are component scanned,
and some that are configured through XML,
and some through Java,
and it's just the way that Spring is set up.
You can do all of them,
although I would highly recommend you pick one
and stick with it.
So from this point an ID is used to create
the index for the factory.
And this is the only time anymore that we're going to use ID.
It is only used as an index in the factory,
everything else will be referenced by type or name.
The BeanFactory only contains references at this point
and that's an important point to note.
Nothing has been instantiated.
It's only references or pointers to the objects
with metadata surrounding it about how to configure it.
So once this phase is complete,
there's a few things that we can say
about the lifecycle of our application.
All Beans have been loaded into the BeanFactory.
Again, Beans are just references and metadata at this point.
There are no objects.
And this no objects being instantiated in your code
is very important because at this point
any manipulation we are going to do
will actually be used to instantiate your objects,
which is why it's important that the Beans
are loaded and just referenced
and that there's metadata
because we have some processing that we can do
in the next step.